Arsenic is a proofchecker for New Lace (soon to be on Arxiv).

To use Arsenic you need an OCaml installation, including ocamlbuild. You will need the 
Unix command-line tools (make, cc, config, etc.) You also need Microsoft Z3. 

For OCaml and ocamlbuild, do whatever the ocaml websites tell you to do.

Then to set up the directory 

    make clean
    make links
    mkdir z3

To download and build Z3, you will need git (on OS X I got it by brew install git; 
brew upgrade git might be a good idea if yours is long in the tooth). 

Before you build Z3, have a look at the Makefile. There's a line
    
    "cd z3/build; sudo make install PREFIX=/usr"

which puts in the place that is convenient on my machine, in /usr/bin. You may want to 
edit that line.

When you're ready, say

    make newz3

(If that fails to clone z3 from github, see footnote 1.)

To build Arsenic and Test, use

    make Arsenic
    make Test
    
There are lots of test proofs in the proofs directory. You can run through some tests by

    make simpletest
    make coherencetest
    
-- you should see lots of OKs and absolutely no lines starting with "**".

It's also possible to build Check and ToLaTeX. Check allows you to make simple queries
of Z3 which are like the proof obligations checked by Arsenic: see the .query files in 
the proofs directory for some examples. ToLaTeX is probably only useful to me: it 
translates proofs into LaTeX source which I can use, with some personal macros, as example 
figures in papers about New Lace and Arsenic.

Thanks to Josh Berdine for the OCaml interface to Z3, which is what make newz3 downloads
and builds. Thanks, of course, to the INRIA guys for OCaml and the Microsoft guys for Z3.

Richard Bornat
R.Bornat at mdx dot ac dot uk
richard at bornat dot me dot uk
2015/11/25

------------------------

Footnote 1: Recently I couldn't clone z3 (OS X Yosemite) without an RPC network error. 
There seems to have been a problem with git clone, which I fixed in the Makefile by using 
git.codeplex rather than git01.codeplex. See 

    http://codeplex.codeplex.com/workitem/26133
    
for possible illumination if it breaks again.